Database monitoring on DataDog for Aiven for PostgreSQL (#1402)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/postgresql/howto/monitor-database-with-datadog.rst

Prerequisites
-------------
To use Datadog Database Monitoring with your Aiven for PostgreSQL® services, you must perform the following steps: 

* Apply any outstanding maintenance updates mentioning the Datadog integration. 
* Ensure the :doc:`Datadog Metrics integration </docs/integrations/datadog/datadog-metrics>` is enabled. 
* The :doc:`PostgreSQL extensions <../reference/list-of-extensions>` - ``pg_stat_statements`` and ``aiven_extras``, must be enabled by executing the following `CREATE EXTENSION <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createextension.html>`_ SQL commands directly on the Aiven for PostgreSQL® database service.
::

    CREATE EXTENSION pg_stat_statements;   
    CREATE EXTENSION aiven_extras;

Enable monitoring 
-----------------

You can individually enable Datadog Database Monitoring for the specific :doc:`Datadog Metrics </docs/integrations/datadog/datadog-metrics>` integration for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, by configuring the ``datadog_dbm_enabled`` parameter. Repeat this action for every Datadog Metrics integration for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, which you plan to monitor.

> Using the ``avn service integration-list`` :ref:`Aiven CLI command <avn_service_integration_list>`, you can obtain the Datadog Metric integration you want to monitor and enable it using the ``datadog_dbm_enabled`` configuration parameter. For example: 

Reviewer: I would write it like this:
... you can obtain the Datadog Metric integration you want toe monitor and enable the Datadog Database Monitoring feature/functionality by using the ``datadog_dbm_enabled`` configuration parameter.

Because the Datadog Metric integration is already enabled at that stage for various other use cases of the customer. Here, we're enabling the additional Datadog Database Monitoring functionality within the integration which is disabled by default.

`Database Monitoring with Datadog <https://www.datadoghq.com/product/database-monitoring/>`_ enables you to capture key metrics on the Datadog platform for any Aiven for PostgreSQL® service with :doc:`Datadog Metrics </docs/integrations/datadog/datadog-metrics>` integration.

Datadog Database Monitoring allows you to view query metrics and explain plans in a single place, with the ability to drill into precise execution details, along with query and host metrics correlation.

Prerequisites
-------------
To use Datadog Database Monitoring with your Aiven for PostgreSQL® services, you must perform the following steps: 

* Apply any outstanding maintenance updates mentioning the Datadog integration. 
* Ensure the :doc:`Datadog Metrics integration </docs/integrations/datadog/datadog-metrics>` is enabled. 
* The :doc:`PostgreSQL extensions <../reference/list-of-extensions>` - ``pg_stat_statements`` and ``aiven_extras``, must be enabled by executing the following `CREATE EXTENSION <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createextension.html>`_ SQL commands directly on the Aiven for PostgreSQL® database service.
::

    CREATE EXTENSION pg_stat_statements;
::
    

>     CREATE EXTENSION aiven_extras;

Reviewer 2: I would put both statements in the same code block

Enable monitoring 
-----------------

You can individually enable Datadog Database Monitoring for the specific :doc:`Datadog Metrics </docs/integrations/datadog/datadog-metrics>` integration for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, by configuring the ``datadog_dbm_enabled`` parameter. Repeat this action for every Datadog Metrics integration for Aiven for PostgreSQL®, which you plan to monitor.

> Using the :doc:`Aiven CLI </docs/tools/cli>`, you can obtain the Datadog Metric integration you want to monitor and enable it using the ``datadog_dbm_enabled`` configuration parameter. For example: 

Reviewer 2: Can we specify better which command to use rather than a global link to the CLI?

* Find the UUID of the Datadog Metrics integration for a particular service: 
::

    avn service integration-list --project <project name> <service name>

> * Enable the Datadog Database Monitoring for the Datadog Metrics integration using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Enable the Datadog Database Monitoring for the Datadog Metrics integration with the following command, substituting the `<INTEGRATION_UUID>` with the integration UUID retrieved at the previous step:
```

::

>     avn service integration-update --user-config '{"datadog_dbm_enabled": true}' <integration uuid>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    avn service integration-update --user-config '{"datadog_dbm_enabled": true}' <INTEGRATION_UUID>
```

> More resources

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't put this as "more resources"  but just have the text below
